Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Here you're sitting with
your head in the gutter.
Bus has been stopped for you
for 10 minutes. Let's go.
Can't you hear the horn?
You make us late everyday.
Let's Go.
Sheru... Sheru, Johnny,
Hi...
Hello, Hello.
Hey, stop, stop...
Go, wash your hands and mouth and
Put your bag in bedroom, in bedroom.
First go hand wash your hands.
Put it down, put it down.
What are you doing in school?
Look at your hands, look at your face.
Ishaan, put it down, Ishaan...
Baby, close the tab properly.
You know, today you are getting you
exam papers, did
teacher give it to you.
Inho, what I'm asking?
- Hi Mom.
- Yohan you?
Drama practice cancelled,
Lily teacher gets viral.
Mom, I get First in all subjects.
Algebra, Geometry, Physics, Chem.
Bio, History, English, Geography.
Good and in Hindi?
2nd in Hindi but because
of only two marks.
Inho, How's about your?
Wow!
It's working.
Ishaan, first complete your
homework, No Ishaan... uniform...
Ishaan, Ishaan, Here this side, hurry...
Hurry throws it.
Hey, idiot, duffer.
Why you throw it there?
Go and bring the ball, go.
I tell you to bring the ball,
why don't you understand?
What are you looking at?
What, don't you understand?
What you are looking at,
go and bring the ball, go.
What are you looking at?
Told you to bring the ball.
Don't you understand?
What you are looking at. Told you
To bring the ball, bring the ball.
Your child destroy my whole garden,
what, don't you teach some manners?
to your child, look he is so hurt,
he is bleeding, what Mrs. Mrs.
Haven't you teach anything to your
child? he can hurt the other's child
Like this, aren't you little shame?
look how badly he hurt the child.
Ishaan...
Come here.
Come here right now.
- But papa...
- Shut up Yohan.
- Uncle, he torn my shirt too.
- I'll get you new one.
You liar...
Ishaan, it's too much.
Every day, your complains,
complains from school,
Complains from
building, when you step
out the house and your
complain, after today
If anyone complain about
you Ishaan, then I...
- He is smiling.
- Still smiling, shameless.
One more complain and I'll
put in boarding school.
You see Maya, I'm here, and you are
here but he is stilling fighting.
What he did to that child.
He tore his T-shirt.
Sit and worship him.
Inho, how many times I told you.
Don't play with Ranjeet.
But mama he...
Go, take a bath and then
I'll put dettol on you.
Okay you want to play, fight, come on,
come,
Come, come fight, come on, come.
Papa, where are you going?
- Papa..
- I'm leaving this house.
Will not come back.
Sorry papa.
I'm very sorry papa.
I won't do it next time papa.
I'm very sorry papa. Papa
I'll not do it next time.
Papa please, I'm sorry papa.
Why you are harassing the child?
Inho, papa is going
because of office work.
Not because of you.
He'll be back till Sunday.
Are you hurt anywhere else?
Hey you, Boots are not polished.
Out, out.
Out.
Class, turn to page 38,
chapter 4, paragraph 3.
We are going to mark adjectives today.
That goes for you as
well Ishaan Awasthi.
Page 38, chapter 4, paragraph 3.
Can I have your attention Ishaan?
Ishaan?
I said, page 38, chapter
4, paragraph 3. Read
The first sentence and
point out the adjectives.
Page 38 Ishaan. Adithaya
just help the boy.
Come on, the rest of
you look into your books.
Read the first sentence and
tell me where the adjectives are.
Okay, come on, lets
all mark the adjectives
together. Just read the sentence for me.
Just read the sentence Ishaan.
They are dancing.
Silence, speak in English.
The letters are dancing.
They are dancing, are they?
Okay, and then read the dancing letters.
Trying to be funny?
Read the sentence loud and proper.
I said, loud and proper Ishaan.
Loud and proper.
Stop it, stop it.
Enough is enough.
Get out.
Get out of my class.
Out.
You want to leave as well?
Who is laughing here?
Who wants to follow him?
I don't want to your kitten in
my class, look at your books.
Shameless boy.
Open your books now.
Whose going to tell me
what the adjectives are?
- I don't want a sound for this class.
- Yes.
Come on.
Again punish?
Duffer, where is punisher?
Hey duffer, are you
every time get punished?
He is regular.
Hey Ishaan.
Do you bring the signed test paper?
No. Too bad, now you are gone.
Yohan, Ishaan, wash your
hands n mouth, I m serving food.
Wow! What is this?
Superb.
Done. Let me see.
What hand writing.
Ishaan, what is this?
Your all spellings are wrong.
Here Table is "tabl" and here "tabal".
And what is this? D instead of The.
What is this?
Ishaan, How many times?
how many times?
Yesterday we did this.
How you can forget so quickly?
Now too much fun, Again you
will be stay in same class.
All your friends will
go to next standard.
kanti, Rohan then will you feel good?
Son, concentrate.
Concentrate.
Shut up and correct the spelling.
- No.
- What?
- No, no, no.
- Ishaan.
Dada, Dada...
Inho, no. Today, no
story, I'm too tired.
Dada.
I ran away from the school today.
What?
I crossed the wall and ran away.
When?
After first period.
Why?
I didn't do the homework also I
didn't get sign the test paper?
Then where did you go?
Nowhere, just wandered around.
On road.
On road?
Alone?
Very Good.
Look at your guts.
You know how danger is this?
Anything can happen.
You can get an accident or anyone can
kidnapped you. Papa is
also not at home. Idiot.
Did you tell mom?
- Should I tell her?
- No, no, no.
Then?
- Dada, you can write "Absence not"
- What?
- Absence Not.
- No, no, no.
I'll not write any lie
of absence not. Now go to
sleep and in morning I'll
tell everything to mama.
Dada, please.
Please, Dada.
Sun into the 9th planet
"Pluto" of the solar system.
Three into nine.
Oh God, the hot planet of Mars will
melt the starship
of the Captain Ishaan.
Save it.
Now 3 is entering into 9.
Pluto is destroyed.
The planet is no more.
The great Captain
Ishaan find the answer.
The answer of 3 into 9 is 3.
Time up.
Ishaan, how was the test?
Great.
Hey Ishaan.
Inho, Papa is arrived.
When papa is arrived?
Last night, you were sleeping.
- Bye papa, bye Inho.
- Bye
What you bring for me?
- That.
- Strawberry.
Yes.
And for Dada?
Same.
For both of you.
- Yes.
Wash it first.
Ishaan, Ishaan...
Papa, Aquarium, Papa.
Papa, please today aquarium.
Papa.
- Papa.
- Yes.
Will go to aquarium, today. Okay.
Maya, was Ishaan suffering
from fever on Thursday?
Not at all.
What is this? Absent note.
I hadn't written this note.
Ishaan, come here.
Come here.
Ishaan, come here right now.
What is this?
What does this note means?
Answer Ishaan, otherwise
I'll beat you that much, that.
Don't look down. Don't look down.
Look up... look up in
my eyes and answer me.
Where the hell were
you on Thursday? Where?
Let me ask, where did you go, son?
Wasn't attend the school
then where did you go?
- Tell son, where did you go?
- Answer God dammed.
- What? What he's saying?
- Bunk
What?
Bunked the school, Ishaan.
Bunked and what else you did?
What else you did?
Where did you go? Where?
- Road.
What's road? What's road?
With whom? With whom did you go?
- Alone.
Are you out of your mind? Are
you out of your bloody mind?
You were wondering alone in the city.
Hadn't you bothered
a bit about us? Idiot.
What's going on here? Did you listen?
If he had been lost then how
can we able to look after him?
And who wrote this? Who
wrote this absent note?
You aren't able to write
properly, bloody, duffer, idiot.
You could pass if you are
able to write that much.
Who wrote this note, Ishaan?
Speak, who wrote this?
Ishaan, this is the last time I'm
asking you. Who wrote this absent note?
- Speak. Who wrote?
- No.
- Tell.
Tell me.
Class work and homework, haven't
any improvement in both of it.
Just like the last year.
Book is still his enemies. Like
read and write is punishment.
His English handwriting
seems to be Russian sometimes.
He deliberately repeats mistakes. His
attention is always at outside of the class.
All the time asking for
permission to go to the toilet.
I'm thirsty. I want to do pee.
Thirsty, pee... thirsty, pee.
Disturbs the whole class
with his silly pranks
And have you been through with his exam
papers. He boiled the eggs in every subject.
Did you send his exam papers?
On last Wednesday for parents
signature. Haven't returned till today.
Look this.
Math's test. 3x9=3, enough. After
that he left all the questions.
Who would accept that he's the
younger brother of Yohan Awasthi?
- Mr. Awasthi.
- Yes.
By the way this is the second
year of your son in third standard.
If it's running such like that then I'm
sorry I wouldn't able to help you out.
Maybe he's having some problem.
What do you mean?
Maybe he... Some children are unlucky.
And there are special kind of
schools for these kind of children.
- Water, sir.
- Get a side.
I told you, move form there.
- 10 rupees sir... 10 rupee.
- Son of 10, 10 rupee.
Thinks my son is a retard.
She thinks my son isn't normal.
Err! They filled up the
class with 60 children.
Teacher wouldn't able to
pay attention on every child.
Bloody nonsense. Idiots.
What I hadn't done? I did the job
for the kids and left every thing.
I took the lessons by myself in morning
and evening, Ishaan... Ishaan... Ishaan.
No Maya it's not your fault.
He wouldn't improve such like that.
Okay... okay, tomorrow I
come early in the morning.
Thanks a lot Suresh. Thank you very
much. Good night... good night...
Done.
But in the middle of the term.
Suresh kapdia's uncle is the
founder trusty of the school.
I'll submit the fee tomorrow
by meeting with the headmaster.
No, I'll not go. I'm not go to go.
Ishaan, shut up. Have your food quietly.
Will not to go.
Let him finish this year, I mean...
he never stayed without me till today.
He'll have to get used to.
And wasn't you heard the
principal? They wouldn't allow him
...in the school next year. They'll
fail him again and expel him.
Then where will we go?
Look... look how he's staring?
No bloody regret on his face.
There at boarding school, they'll
straighten him up by force.
Today he asked Yohan to write a note,
don't know what he'll do tomorrow?
Trust me Maya, I'm his father.
Fee is out of our budget
but we'll manage any how.
His term will starts
after the Deepawali.
Baba please Baba, don't send me.
Baba please, I'll not go to boarding school.
Mama, I don't want to
go to boarding school.
Mama, tell father that I don't
want to go to the boarding school.
Please I don't want to
go to boarding school.
Okay quite.
Quite... quite.
- Ishaan... Ishaan here.
- Mama.
Ishaan hurry up... Ishaan hurry up.
Ishaan. Ishaan hurry up. Ishaan.
Ishaan... Ishaan.
- Mama.
- Yes son.
- Yes son, get up.
- Yes son, speak.
- Mama.
- Yes, I'm here.
- Yes speak.
- I don't want to go to boarding school.
No, you'll have to go to boarding school.
- I don't want to go to hostel, Mama.
- Boarding school is a good place.
- Don't want to go to boarding school, Mama.
I know, I'm trying. Really see,
A, B, C, D, L, M, N, O, X, Y, Z.
Really look Mama, I know
everything. I always study
...like that. I'll not fire
any cracker on Deepawali.
But don't want to go to
boarding school, Mama.
Don't want to go to boarding school.
Don't want to go to
boarding school, Mama.
What Ishaan? Why aren't
you firing the cracker?
You are fearing to go to
boarding school, aren't you?
Yes, speak.
I'm not afraid.
You are afraid I know.
- I'm not afraid.
- I know you are afraid.
- Look, what I'm doing?
- I'll going to be mad.
I'll not go... I'll not go.
Your Papa says that
you are too stubborn.
Listen one thing very clearly. Only one
rule is running in this school. Discipline.
Don't you worry Mr. Awasthi.
We tamed so many wild
horses over here.
Change your cloths
in dormitory for food.
Come on.
You are sitting without doing anything
till now. Haven't changed your cloths.
Go and change your cloths.
Come on.
Lets go, it's 9 o'clock. Lights out.
You aren't ready till now.
And Isn't this the way to wear the
tie? Hasn't mother taught you anything?
Children, this is Ishaan
Nandkishor Awasthi.
Come forward here.
Come, pickup your bag.
You place is over here from today.
Exact in front of my eyes.
Just beside the Rajan Damodhran.
Rajan Damodhran always
stood first in the class.
I wish that Rajan Dhamodhran
company pay good effects on you.
Do you understand? Sit down.
Writing a poem and its central idea
is today's topic. Page No. 28.
Rajan Damodhran you'll read
the poem and Ishaan Nandkishor
...Awasthi you, you'll explain the
central idea of the poem.'Nature'.
Okay.
Start Rajan.
'Nature'
'Open sky from the top', 'Your
world is filled with clouds'
'It's blinked like a jewel till
the elephant dies due to thrust'
'Bicycle buzzer, stone
or mud or blind man stick'
'Then you seems to be filled with
water, you are our sweet stream'
Very good. Yes Ishaan Anand kishor Awasthi
explain the central idea of the poem.
What we see, we feel it exists and what
we can't see we feel it isn't exists.
But sometimes what we see, isn't true.
And what isn't visible, is true. Means.
Err! What are you doing
visible or not visible?
Menoo Patel you explain.
Poet says when he see the stream then he's
see the sky reflection in it and he explain
that reflection with different kind of ways.
And the flow of the stream rises again.
Good, very good.
Menoo Patel, sit down.
Yes children, 'Open sky from the top'...
Actually you explained the
real meanings of the poem.
Rest of them gave the copied answers.
Sir Tevari is very strict.
Have to tell me as like he say.
How could you come in
the middle of the term?.
That my Papa's...
Lets go, now it's art class.
You stood first in the class then
why your parents send you here?
- Mean?
- Mean...
In boarding as a punishment.
I'm not living in the boarding.
My father is the state manager
...of the school. I live in the
staff quarters with my parents.
And who said to you that all the
children come here for the punishment?
Children.
Open your sketch books
and takeout your pencils.
Good.
Copy without using
any scale and utensil.
Lines must be straight.
If they are even a bit slant
then five on right hand.
New boy, eyes over here.
On the blackboard. See?
Do you see where I draw the point?
Do you see the point?
What are you staring at like frog?
Don't laugh.
Do you see where I draw the point?
Do you see?
Isn't visible.
Isn't visible? Point isn't visible.
- Satesh Bhatgan.
- Yes sir.
Come here and show him where
I made the point on blackboard.
Now you able to see it. Very good.
Come here. Hurry up.
Five on clench hand because attention
wouldn't leave the blackboard.
Hand forward.
Clench it.
Now copy this still life study.
I need the perfect shape.
Otherwise five on the other Clench.
Go.
Forward march.
Left-right-left...
- Left-right-left...
- Ishaan, what are you doing?
- Class halt.
Are you doing marching or
wondering in the garden?
Disturb the marching
of whole class, out.
Get out from here.
Forward march.
...A noun is a naming
word and a pronoun is use
...instead of a noun and
adjective describes a noun and a
...verb describes the action
of a noun and adverb
...describes the action of a
verb and a conjunction joins
...a sentence together, a
preposition use to describe
...the relation between a
noun and pronoun and a
...interjection is a word
thrown in to express feelings.
...Have you got it Mr. Ishaan
Nanad kishor Awasthi?
Why? Why can't you?
Idiot.
Why can't you?
What is your problem, son?
Ishaan, open the door.
- Enoo, open the door.
- Ishaan.
Ishaan, open please. Open the door, Enoo.
Ishaan.
Ishaan... Ishaan... Ishaan...
What happen champ?
Go, lets go. I get the
permission from housemaster.
Enoo now leave the anger.
Lets go.
Lets go son.
Yes one extra mattress.
Ishaan, what are you
doing? What are you doing?
Come down. Down.
Why did you climb up?
Come.
What happen?
Err! Don't you know, he's gone.
Holkar sir has been gone to teach
drawing to the whole New Zealand.
A temporary teacher joined in his place.
I hope he's different then Holkar sir.
Lets go. It's already late.
Lets go.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org